(DOCSP-11396): Update Tables page (#64)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/style/tables.txt

Table Titles
------------

> Tables in conceptual topics should normally have titles (captions). However, some tables are closely associated with the surrounding text and don't require titles. For example, decision matrixes and tables within tasks, procedures, and tutorials don't require titles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tables in conceptual topics should normally have titles (captions). If
you preface a table with a sentence explaining the purpose of the
table, your table doesn't require titles. For example, decision
matrixes and tables within tasks, procedures, and tutorials don't
require titles.
```

When creating table titles, use the following guidelines:

- Use sentence-style capitalization for table titles. However, for
  words that are always uppercase or always lowercase, match that case.
- Don't start a table title with an article (*a*, *an*, *the*).
- Don't end a table title with a period or colon.
- Place the title above the table, not below it, and format it in 

>   **bold**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **boldface**.
```

   for matrix-type tables that use an X or other marker to indicate
   support. In such cases, blank cells are acceptable (see the third
   example at the end of this topic).

> -  When showing a call-out (for example, a note or warning) in a table,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When showing a callout (for example, a note or warning) in a table,
```

Use **callout** throughout.

-  Place the footnote text at the end of the table, either in a final
   row that spans the entire table or under the last row in the table.

> -  Use `RST markup 
>    <https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#footnotes>`_
>    to indicate the footnotes in the cells to which they apply. If
>    numbers might be confusing (for example, because the text in the
>    cells are numerical values), use symbols instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Use :rst:`RST markup </restructuredtext.html#footnotes>`_
   to set the footnotes in the cells to which they apply. If
   numbers might be confusing (because maybe the text in the
   cells are numerical values), use symbols instead.
```

-  Place the footnote text at the end of the table, either in a final
   row that spans the entire table or under the last row in the table.

> -  Use :rst:`RST markup </restructuredtext.html#footnotes>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Use :rst:`{+rst+} markup </restructuredtext.html#footnotes>`_
```

-  For tables that describes JSON or XML attributes, write the first
   sentence of a description with an implied subject. For example, if

>    the attribute is name, the description might be as follows: "Initial host name of the server."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the attribute is name, the description might be as follows:
   "Initial hostname of the server."
```
